# The Deity

|  General Info  | |
| ---|---|
| Working Title | The Deity |
| Final Title | The Deity |
| Author 1 | Tobias Lenz |
| Author 2 | Lea Kohl |
|Engine Type | Unity3D 2017.1.1f |
|Start-Date| 2/10/2017 |
|End-Date| 12/07/2018 |
|Study Program| Games Engineering B.Sc.|
|University| Julius-Maximilians-Universit채t W체rzburg|
|Course| GameLab I|

## Abstract

This Project was part of the university coursework and as such is not a finished product.
The Deity is a VR god simulation game in which you rule over a small island and its population.

### Repository structure

A working build can be found in the release section.
- code = contains the source code and Assets needed to build the project
- poster = contains the product poster used at the expo
- report = contains the written report about the development of the game
- trailer = contains the trailer used at the expo

## Legal information
- The GameLab images and text used in the project is copyrighted by the Julius-Maximilians-Universit채t W체rzburg and as such does not allow any use whatsoever by third parties without explicit written permission.
- All the third party Assets and code used in this project retain their Licensing as is, if you are interested in them please contact the copyright holder.
- As for the material generated by our Team. This includes and is not limited to code, Assets and other media, we grant you the right to play the game, view the code and poster, as well as read the report. But retain all of our rights as copyright holders of the project. If you want more rights please contact us with your request and we can find a solution.
